before we begin let me start by saying
don't try to change the future because
then your mother's gonna end up with two
new big boobs and one old dead one the
stars of our movie today are the same
cast is the first movie - the original
George McFly and the original Jennifer
+2 alternatives and a flee
please our story begins for the last
movie left off from the original present
but with an alternative Jennifer played
by Ali but she couldn't be in the second
Karate Kid because she was busy playing
alternative Jennifer Plus Daniel needed
another woman other than her or did he
not because at that point they might
just been like Ralph the man gun has
gotten too big and the baby-faced can
only carry you so far before the dadbod
takes over and you might ask why I'm
talking about Karate Kid when does it
back to the future but I ain't got
nothing else Michael J Fox
so duck does as he said at the end of
the first movie because nobody
time-travel does this time to change
this timeline except to maybe replace
Jennifer with Ali and he would flies
them into the future except at the end
of the first movie you didn't see that
rolling Pollock penis with a comb-over
see them up and vanish like a fart in
the wind and Jennifer all excited about
seeing her future and Doc don't joy need
to be license to carry that people knock
her out
awfully shaded Adam to be just casually
toting around in your pocket we'll never
know what mischief doc was up to in the
future my shoes don't can do that five
years later and I still got tennis and
then they just dumped out Jen in the
alley well Marty impersonates his own
son who looks like he was big right what
are the odds
so Noah minded doc is told Marty not to
go snooping around up in there Marty
goes into the 80s cafe that looks the
way mm ought to eighties looked so in
the cafe Marty encounters Griff who's
like the grandson of Biff or some spy oh
no and he stirs up some trouble and
there's a long chase skip and Marty
saves the day and takes a little
futuristic vacatur shop for a sports
Almanac and then gets scolded by doc for
[ __ ] around with the space-time
continuum for monetary gain while not
thinking about his girlfriend just lying
unconscious Newsome what folks in the
80s thought futuristic trash would look
like trash waiting to get picked up by
some damn nosy Popo and
do that scary retina scan oh they don't
they check a thumbprint man Doozer 2015
wheel iPhone wipes your abs and Alexa
cleans the cat turd yo cat you named
after a Harry Potter character left in
the bathtub well I'm the older one but a
cat named after Harry Potter character
leaves doodles in the bathtub drain so
anyway duck leaves the Almanac just
lying around for any Biff to find which
he does beggar to how she didn't know
she'll live in in the future
Jennifer Hyde's see I wouldn't hide I'd
be trying to find out what the okay I've
had from now I mean grandma and grandpa
McFly come for visit but not original
grandpa because Crispin Glover didn't
want to do this sequel but he sued them
for a million dollars for making this
bit look like him even though he said he
didn't like to enter another first movie
because money can't buy happiness and
love should be the reward and all the
park present I guess love wasn't a big
enough reward for mr. Glover and grandma
McFly tells Marty's doubted the story of
Marty being called a chicken and having
an accident in hell because of it he
destroyed his potential for music career
while Biff steals the time machine to do
who'da knows what in when the hell ever
how many ties could have McFly tie for
McFly could tie to McFly ties and a man
named needles is telling him to stick
his card in the slot vulgar hos is just
some unexplained rule breaking to get
you fired then Jennifer think because
she see yourself and I don't understand
that because if I saw myself I'd just be
like Dan you looking six here back in
the 1985
you've been given a rare gift Marty a
chance to see what the world would be
like if a trashy bigmouth billionaire
with a penchant for fake TIG ol bitties
got his hands on it
I'd say jesus take the wheel but the
cars already blowed up Marty meets his
mother and her new set of twins
Rhonda meets his new daddy Marty finds
out his old daddy was do ma get on
Marty's arrival doc takes Marty back to
his house where he says something like
there was this Jim Bob op that went took
a nickel and turned the future all
khokana knockin and mighty busting all
Biff and his girl is and they get all
timid and I'm just thinking y'all
embarrassed to be naked in front of
money but you ain't embarrassed to be
making it in front of this I guess they
can smell the poor on him then boring
bad guy
analog I was on the fast-track to
Loserville Louisiana until this old man
showed up with his magic book blabbity
blabbity blah blah I got rich betting on
the schools in it nobody ever thought
the question was I was rigging had some
insider information because plot olds
blah blah blabbity blah and now I'm
after all feel therefore ridden your
mama of the only remaining boobs she has
that I don't like my mother gets away
and then boring bad guy monologue I
killed a man
with this gun blah blah blabbity blah
and it was your daddy blabbity blabbity
blah blah so if you want to stop me you
gotta go back in time event all this
from happening and I'm gonna just stand
here and let it happen so this won't
ever happen brick in 1955 doc pulls out
some walkie-talkies because he got an
interdimensional from which he pulls out
whatever is needed in any given
dimension including the time appropriate
dinero and it just occurred to me that
biff is if sid from Toy Story was buff
sip plus buff equals Biff this is all of
us if we can see our younger selves so
if you under 20 you can just go ahead
and slap yourself in the head right now
money follows buff Biff to an episode of
deja vu or a glitch in the matrix and
tiptoes around up and they're doing his
damnedest not to interfere with the good
work he already did to change the future
where his family had some money and so
did the actor who played George McFly
because over hypocrisy and Marty gets
the OL mush
okay now Marty gets tall mush
then man against the Alma shooter no
Marty gets tall my tits so Marty gets
the Almanac then money saves himself
before he knocks himself out and Marty
loses the owl marsh and there's a long
chase skip so Marty gets the Almanac and
money lights up the Almanac and then
lightning bolt lights up ducks in the
dimensions then Marty gets a letter from
duck in the past and he goes back to
docking the prison and duck is buggin
harder than a wall was eyeballs but
almost there
be sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
regular fix of myth happiness is nice
but so is food so special thank you to
these patrons who donate ten dollars or
more each month to keep this channel and
me alive Tiffany s JK mario star kitten
DC dan W whiskey Gabriella see Michelle
WP tfj raspberries Davis see I have a
monetary goal I need to reach to keep
this channel going and growing please
consider a small contribution love you
and thank you for movies explain fall
I'm Jam so why don't you make like a
tree and barked that's Mama's dog yes
he's still sporting the build-a-bear
room